magento/devdocs#: GraphQl. API functional tests. Add info about tests location (#6461)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/graphql/functional-testing.md

## Creating a new GraphQL functional test

> All GraphQL functional tests should locate in `dev/tests/api-functional/testsuite/Magento/GraphQl/` folder and inherit from the generic test case `Magento\TestFramework\TestCase\GraphQlAbstract`. It defines the `graphQlQuery()` method, which should be used to perform Web API calls from tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All GraphQL functional tests be located in `dev/tests/api-functional/testsuite/Magento/GraphQl/` folder and inherit from the generic test case `Magento\TestFramework\TestCase\GraphQlAbstract`. It defines the `graphQlQuery()` and `graphQlMutation()` methods, which should be used to perform Web API calls from tests.
```

Author: **fixed**

Thanks , @rogyar

Reviewer: Thank you! Please, take a look at my suggestion above, there's information about `graphQlMutation()` method. I believe we should mention it as well.

Reviewer 2: Fixed.

The `master` branch is locked for now, until 2.3.4 published tomorrow. I'll merge the PR at that time.

Author: Thank you, @keharper !

I've squashed commits. So, now PR is ready for merge ;)
